Update supply-chain-rpc-security.mdx (#517)
security-alliance/frameworks: docs/pages/supply-chain/web3-supply-chain-threats.mdx

Integrity is harder. The base defense is cross-validation, applied at increasing strictness:

- **Simple quorum:** multiple RPCs must agree. Weak if they share an operator or upstream source.
- **Multi-source quorum:** requires independent operators on independent infrastructure.
- **Risk-aware policies:** automatically require a higher quorum threshold for high-value operations, like sensitive
  reads that inform downstream actions or reads confirming high-value transactions.
- **Failover-tightened thresholds:** tighten requirements when a source drops.

**Notable incidents:**

- **KelpDAO / LayerZero exploit (April 2026).** An attacker, attributed to North Korea's Lazarus Group, drained
  approximately $292 million in rsETH from KelpDAO's LayerZero-powered bridge. The attackers compromised RPC nodes
  run by Layer Zero Labs to return forged transaction data. With KelpDAO's 1-of-1 DVN configuration, a fabricated
  cross-chain message claiming to originate from Unichain was accepted as valid, and the OFTAdapter released 116,500
  rsETH. LayerZero's DVN has a built-in RPC quorum mechanism, but it was satisfied with a simple majority — achieved

>   by 2 malicious RPCs against 1 honest one. The incident illustrates that RPC integrity, not just availability, is

Reviewer: Tweaked this sentence to match LayerZero's [PM](https://layerzero.network/blog/kelpdao-incident-statement). The "2 malicious vs 1 honest" framing reads more like a clean quorum vote but it was actually compromise + forced failover, attackers knocked out the healthy RPCs so the DVN fell back onto the poisoned ones. @yuvalava 
```suggestion
  rsETH. LayerZero's DVN was configured to cross-check across multiple RPCs, but attackers compromised two op-geth nodes and caused the healthy endpoints to be unreachable, forcing the DVN onto the poisoned ones. The incident illustrates that RPC integrity, not just availability, is
```
